Amanda: Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There you are.
Amanda: It was doing something different and I knew it was because right when I would say join meeting. It usually says preview your video.
Amanda: But it was showing me to a different one. And he was saying, green, it says the host will let you in. Once you start this meeting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I hop.
Amanda: And then I went again, it did the exact same thing again. So then I hung up and asked, and I went and I emailed you. I knew it was the right one. And now it did it right.
Amanda: Okay.
Amanda: He says preview the video before you go on the other one wasn't doing that was like automatically connecting I never seen that before.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, that's crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe because I didn't have enough yet.
Amanda: Oh, maybe because it was just green on top. I've never seen that. Usually, it has your name in the middle or you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda: I didn't say that at all. It said your name up there. Just Rebecca and turn it and then almost said Evans, but he didn't see your personal room or nothing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, that's crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I never seems Zoom's been you know overloaded, for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm doing haven't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Haven't seen you forever.
Amanda: I know it's been a while.
Amanda: It's been over a week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Oh, what the heck.
Amanda: Is because I really well. I try to get on with you that day. But you know what I barely saw your email today that you need you to change the time
Yeah.
Amanda: Yeah, cuz I don't really I don't really do much with my email. I sometimes see it. And I guess I didn't SNAP or whatever because I don't ever clear without kind of reading the little the gypsy and all that junk mail and I just don't
Amanda: Maybe I should get another one. Just give it to important people never use that one. You know what I mean.
Amanda: Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, but I'll email you for sure.
Amanda: Well, now that I know I actually, I actually looked at how I was waiting for you.
Amanda: Like now I could see that you came in. So now I was paying attention. You know what I mean. But I didn't know you will be for so I never looked at before.
Amanda: Okay, okay. But now I know to look there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yet I will definitely email you if anything goes up goes haywire with our appointment scheduled and I will definitely email you and let you know.
Okay, okay.
Amanda: So try to get ahold of you and then
Amanda: How's that girl.
Amanda: What's her name Angelenos
Amanda: Yeah.
Amanda: I kept trying to tell her got ahead of different appointment with you and
Amanda: She was really stressing me out and I told her, You're stressing me out. She says, No, I'm not. And kind of help you. I said, No, you're stressing me out.
Amanda: I can do this with you. I already have an appointment. So I don't think you do. I said, oh my god, I said, I have to get off the phone with you. I can do this.
Amanda: And I totally
Amanda: I called back to the place because I hadn't taken a shower head woke up late, but I was waiting to hear from you back because I'm ICO ICO that other girl.
Amanda: Yeah, she called me back when you're ready, so I was just waiting hanging around. So it's already like four o'clock. And I was like,
Amanda: I don't see the shower. So then after Angelina upset me. I was like, I didn't want her to be my go to person anymore. So I was waiting for ICO to call me back. And then I never heard anything and I just totally forgot the next day about group and everything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Amanda: I was gonna call back and ask about genealogy switched Angelina, and I still just, I don't know, I just, I was still waiting for her to call me back today citrus training that girl I go
Amanda: Yeah, so then I just totally spaced group out in July.
Amanda: Danielle called me around four o'clock.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Today,
Amanda: Know that day on Friday. I was like, Oh man, I forgot about group that's an I emailed you
Amanda: That that girls just we got real bad and I had to hang up without being rude like okay
Amanda: You're not helping me, man.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh, I'm sorry.
Amanda: Danielle and told her to call me she was still doing it the next day.
Amanda: I was like, oh my god, I have an appointment like her supervisors who gave me the appointment at 11 which would have been
Amanda: Right. And you switched me and she said this, she told me that she didn't say I was lying. She said she didn't believe me. She said, I don't think that's true. I was like, oh my god.
Amanda: Why would I make it up but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Next time you come a girl come across that tellers say aspect.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ask her
Amanda: Yeah, she was like she wouldn't listening to anything. I was saying, I was like, I've already taken care of it. Like, because I was literally on the phone trying to fix my earbuds
Amanda: And he goes, oh wait, you have a group, you have a county session. I said, yeah, so she just started group. Let me check on that. Okay. So that's how I found out because I was literally on the phone trying to get to you that day.
Amanda: Yeah, that's how I knew, and I got rescheduled right away, but I thought it was all in the computer but Angelica didn't seem to believe me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I kind of do my own schedule as much as I possibly can. It just seems to be better. You know that way. So when I emailed you and switched our appointment. It's because I just started a new group at that time at 10am
Amanda: On that day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so I wanted to make sure that you had
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The information. But then I didn't hear from you so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I wasn't sure.
Amanda: Yeah, and I said I barely noticed today. I was like, wow, but I didn't know right away because I, you know, like I was trying to get to that meeting.
Amanda: I was trying but I found out right away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So now you know now you know that I'll text you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or your email. Yeah.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. So tell me how things been going for you. What's been going on.
Amanda: Well, I wanted to tell you that I did shy data. Remember how you said not to be try
Amanda: To say, oh, I don't mean to be rude.
Amanda: Yeah. OK. So the other day I remember I told you I didn't go into the storage and stuff like that like trying to get
Amanda: Our stuff out. Yeah, so
Amanda: I got it on the 21st of last month and I really didn't
Amanda: I really hadn't thought about paying my storage until the 21st of this month.
Amanda: Right. And then I was like, Oh, why should we pay a year or three pay $50 with a 75 someone was supposed to pay $15 a month and then I got insurance. So it's only going to be like, you know, $26 a month. So then
Amanda: I don't know why I said let me look at my little envelope but it told me that I had paid $38. I was like, wait a minute. So, and I call it to the store to place. And he goes,
Amanda: Oh, let me talk to Serena and I'll call you back in about 15 minutes. I said, Okay, well, uh, you know, take your time however long you know just get back to me. You said okay
Amanda: That was at 1030 at four o'clock. I didn't hear nothing back. So then I call back and syringe answer is yes. Totally snotty with me from the very beginning.
Amanda: Since we already paid the $27 and I was. She goes, You're a sign your contract. I go, I understand that. She goes, you haven't looked at your paper all month. I said, Why would I pay my rent paid. Why would I care.
Amanda: And she goes, Well, you're, you're creating you're locked in. And I said, Well, if you're going to fucking job.
Amanda: And I was like, you know, I'm just assuming I'm going to call corporate so then she was. Go ahead. Don't hung up on her. And I call over there. And I said, You know, I'm, I'm already a little irritated and if I come off Ruth. I don't mean to you. I said that lady was completely rude to me.
Amanda: And he understood, like right when I said it like
Amanda: I don't think I was not able to kind of could have been
Amanda: Yeah, they told him that I was naughty with her, but she came at me like that. First, and I could have been more route, but I just I just hung up on her. Someone's going to get anywhere with her.
Right.
Amanda: So,
Amanda: They're gonna fix it now, but
Amanda: I shouldn't even had to go through all that
Amanda: It literally he had done his job right. I wouldn't be in this mess.
Right.
Amanda: Um, but yeah, I should still over viewed it too, and I could have caught it. Then, but
Amanda: It says he was new. It was fresh excuse taking forever took me an hour and a half to rent a storage shed.
Amanda: Oh wow, that's a long time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a long time.
Amanda: So I was. I wasn't trying to be rude. I just think okay with you. I'm going to show you how to do the code. I said, No, thank you. And how did you because I was really tired of being in there. So yeah, I didn't look at that envelope so partially it's my fault too.
Amanda: But why would I look at my how much is do when I'm booked covered almost like she
Amanda: seemed like it was my fault.
Amanda: And I know you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so what happened with corporate
Amanda: She actually just called and said that if I can email her to $15 that go change the price.
Amanda: And I have my paper saying that I got it for 15
Amanda: So,
Amanda: It took them three days to call me too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I bet.
Amanda: So as long as they and I put on there, a lot that I don't want to
Amanda: Like, I don't want to get charged late fees because I'm trying to pay it on time. But she said they won't try to me and no late fees in
Amanda: And everything's we take care of as soon as she won't get back to me till Saturday, because I told her that I was encountering right now and they close at six days.
Amanda: We're gonna have to go to counseling and I will email it to her after I was done.
She said, Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Amanda: Luck. A good
Amanda: That I'm not trying not to pay the rent that could have a lower I have to walk upstairs for the storage. I could have paid $30 to be on the ground.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
So,
Amanda: But I took care of that. And I did your suggestion, instead of going in yelling at the second person when it really wasn't as well. But I wouldn't mean I wasn't trying to yell at him. But that's how it came off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, right.
Amanda: Yeah, try to get myself.
Amanda: Off the phone before I get
Amanda: Irritated because
Amanda: You just say stuff when you're mean and you shouldn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You say things when you're mad.
Amanda: Again, like Angelina, she just oh my god I try to get up on I think I literally had to hang up on her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm sorry you experienced that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, definitely. It's just
Amanda: I think if everybody just working so much and
Amanda: Just go go go like robot.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Yeah. Very much so. And that's, you know, exactly right. You know, if we could put herself in somebody else's shoes that we would understand. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She was working too much. So I said, You're irritating me I hang up right now like
Amanda: A call back a little bit or something. It's just weren't getting anywhere with that conversation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, it just
Amanda: We would have gone through a window for the next 20 minutes. Still got nowhere. She didn't believe anything I was saying.
Amanda: That she kept telling me that ganja. And I didn't even know who the girl was. I didn't know what I said why not a switch in the middle of this. Where did she come from. Nobody even told me about that girl.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right about Danielle.
Amanda: Yeah, I've never heard that name before till the other day last Thursday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Danielle does a lot of, I don't know what all she does, but I do know that she works a lot with the insurance companies to make sure that you know you guys are covered. I do knows that she does that, and I know that she backs the doctors up and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, make sure that prescriptions get filled if something happens that she's on the phone with the pharmacy. I mean, she does a lot of, you know, a lot of stuff.
Amanda: She had said that, I think that the reason why I didn't go with her is because she wasn't seeing individual patients at that time.
Amanda: Because all I do. Rebecca. Call me if I was supposed to be over there but I figured it out because I chose a 730 group that's why we have
Amanda: Danielle.
Amanda: I didn't know us wants to be with my counselor and my doctor in the group. Nobody told me that either.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda: When I chose 130 that was a makeup group and then I liked it. So I've just decided to stay in it because it's easier for me to get you. I didn't know that you're supposed to be with your counselor and your doctor in group to
Amanda: Yeah now told me that
Yeah.
Amanda: Angelina supposed to be telling me all this stuff. It's like, I tell you, she doesn't help me.
Amanda: frustrates me
Amanda: I know that
Amanda: Until Angela chill Danielle called me and told me that that's why they think that I'm supposed to be with her because that's the group. I chose
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well now we've got it worked out.
Amanda: Yeah, now I'm all better
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now, it's all good. Now you're with the right people at the right time.
When you're so young.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And now you know that, you know, check your email periodic, you know. Yeah, but my plan is to keep you at this time going forward.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right, so that we don't get
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get these issues anymore as matter of fact, let me just triple check
Amanda: I think I can even do something when you email me, I can make a different sound.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh yeah, you probably can.
Amanda: I think I can.
Amanda: Because I'm telling you my phone goes on. It just went off right now it goes off constantly about emails like
Amanda: I just might need to change it or something, cuz
Amanda: I
Amanda: Want to be able to know it's an email. Go check it. You know what I mean. It's important I sometimes go with Twitter. It's Harbor Freight it's just
Amanda: Kind of, I don't even look at it for three or four days because there's so many now.
Amanda: I don't even think of him to get like a month.
Amanda: Oh wait, my phone when we
Amanda: Are Rebecca's unmute
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I was on mute.
Amanda: Sorry. Yeah, I was like, wait, I put my phone on mute.
Amanda: Yeah, when I get my, I have a bar right here. And I have barstools so I'm going to get my computer. So when I go over there. I could just turn it on and
Amanda: But I had boxes. All right there and had boxes in front of that the other day and
Amanda: I want to get it to where I could just go sit at my computer and all this stuff is right there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yet
Amanda: I don't know if my phone is gonna get hot.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do guy your computer setup over there.
Amanda: Yeah, it's like I just have to turn it on and then
Amanda: I don't have it on because I'm not
Amanda: Because they didn't have a place for it all the time. So, now, now that the bars cleaned up. I want to put it there, close it. So I could just opened it all the time at boxes all blocking right there. Now that I don't have it like that. I could, um, it'll be easier for me to be there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, good, good, good, good, good. That'll make a difference to when you get your, your, you know, space, the way that you want it to be.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Here, just to be able to go and sign on.
Amanda: Know, Casey look over here, all those boxes you see him.
Amanda: Yeah, those are empty boxes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, OK.
Amanda: Now I'm done. But I had boxes all over here and all in the front we barely could just walk through, but now. All that's gone now. So now I could start cleaning and getting
Amanda: Put my little office right there to where I could just always be on my computer, instead of my phone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is good.
Amanda: Yeah, I think that's what and I think you don't move so much with the phone because I don't ever see you moving
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me I'm I'm I'm on a laptop. Yeah.
Amanda: Yeah, that's why. And I noticed when I was on my laptop. It was different. It wasn't moving like those other people in group.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's different when you're on your phone, it picks up everything. You know, it really does work to be
Amanda: My earbuds on because
Amanda: I have neighbors and they're out there walking their dogs and I just want them to hear everybody or what you're saying, or side is always have my earphones on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, which is a good definitely a good idea. You know what I mean. You don't want anybody to know your business.
For sure. No.
Amanda: I'm a very quiet person. I mean, you, the only reason why you notice if I tell you, but they can't go around listening don't really say nothing.
Amanda: And people can't hurt you.
Yeah.
Amanda: You things against you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Use things against you. That's right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But also you don't want to stay completely secluded. You know what I mean. You want to, you know, at least try to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Advocate couple of, you know, have a couple people.
Amanda: Well, I have friends and stuff like that. They just wanted to know my business, unless I want to tell them
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you're right. Totally.
Amanda: wrecked my it can only hear this part of the conversation.
Amanda: But it's no good if you can hear the other part. That's why I have my earphones on what I mean group where I'm with you because
Amanda: I mean, I just told him right now because they called me over there. I was like, well, I gotta go to count in right now. Okay, a little bit every day. No, just, they don't need to know everything about me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's true. Definitely. So what have you been up to. What have you been doing
Amanda: In your downtime, just that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Amanda: I have literally just been cleaning from
Amanda: Morning tonight, literally.
Amanda: Just like I couldn't clean the bathroom was so dirty like FINALLY GOT THE DISHES, DONE. IT'S JUST YOU GET ONE ROOM done and then I literally my dad brought steps I unpack those boxes into little boxes because they were having a could carry them upstairs.
Amanda: Every box. He brought I had a downside to tell most three to four one box. They had to go to have six because they were movies.
Amanda: So I literally spent all my time repacking the boxes, he brought me.
Amanda: Then I had other boxes that I had that I needed to take out of here, because under the bed. There's two boards and then our beds there. So we had to stop under there. So I had to put those into smaller boxes because I put them in tomato boxes.
Amanda: Nobody to have to help me going up and down the stairs I could do two at a time by myself. We have a bigger box you can pack a heavier box.
Amanda: Right, so I just kind of made them all the size of tomato boxes. You know those office boxes that you guys get need to take off the lid.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda: That's how it is tomato boxes, just like that.
Amanda: So whatever could fit in there is what I did. If not I fit it in another one. It's pretty much my whole shit is the mailboxes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Amanda: Don't have to depend on nobody to help me. And then my wife's lake is
Amanda: To can banish hasn't been here for three years now. Wow. The car to go up and down stairs.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So this or your apartment is it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is it upstairs, your permit.
Amanda: Know my apartment level, but my storage is upstairs.
Amanda: Okay, that's why I'm complaining about the $15 I really wouldn't complain about it. But like I said, I would have got it downstairs unit.
Amanda: Yeah, yeah. For the $30
Amanda: But now that all that's done, like, you know, I would add a clean and mop and do all that, but
Amanda: Let me know in the last time I just in my room. I had so much of that link from the ceiling fan.
Amanda: Yeah, that I need to that I needed to clean off. I don't like the walls.
Amanda: I smoke in my house and I know it stinks. I can't smell it, but I'm pretty sure if somebody doesn't smoke something here. They could smell it.
Amanda: Yeah, and I don't like that you know I smoke. I still don't like it. So I haven't cleaned the walls.
Amanda: Like now i'm going to start cleaning, cleaning, just because
Amanda: The sweat from the like the air conditioner. The, the humidity makes it the walls run down or whatever.
Yeah.
Amanda: That's what I get to start doing now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The condensation
Amanda: Yeah. And then my wife takes hot showers like whenever she's hurting at night.
Amanda: Yes, the shower with the hot water and I could see it bad in the bathroom that i is probably from the other people too. Who knows.
Amanda: Yeah, I haven't seen the walls in a year. So I usually do it every six months, but we were just so crowded in here.
Amanda: I would move everything to make it look good to ritual a decent, but then in order to get something you had to move 10 things
Amanda: And now it's not like that anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And now you're getting space you're cleaning your area. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you're able to to get the walls.
Amanda: Yeah, be able to do that all the time. I could just go wipe them down real quick, not where it has to be a whole day to do it.
Amanda: Yeah i i have for Captain one big dog.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Amanda: I can handle cat hair. I can handle it. I can handle any credit here on me. So when I leave the house I go to my bathroom and get dressed walks out the door.
Amanda: Then when I come back I changed back into different clothes because they have cat hair on me all over again. So when I want to do laundry. I have to change my shirt to do laundry, so I don't get cat hair on my laundry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Amanda: And they're not allowed in the bathroom or the kick in my bath in my closet.
Amanda: So it's like a journey for me to do some to do laundry.
Amanda: Yeah, yeah. I mean this close, but if I want to go finish the laundry. I'll have to change or take a shower not touched nothing and just do the laundry.
Amanda: Now you got to talk to. It's like I have to do steps when it normally wouldn't take away that long.
Amanda: Without a one cat hero. Who are my clean clothes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's right. We all have our own little
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Our own little routines and our own little torts. And you know what I mean, things that we have to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely on a day to day basis. You know what I mean if is what makes you comfortable than us. You keep up with your, with your stuff, you know,
Amanda: I've seen this girl come to work with cat and dog hair all over herself. I was like, Do you really expect to make sandwiches, like that. I said, I can't let you work up to send you home or go get a different shirt because I would see the cat hair lighten the food.
Amanda: Yeah, offer for
Amanda: I said, just because you have animals doesn't mean everybody has to know that either like
Amanda: She would come out like if she used her sure as one of the lit rollers.
Amanda: I just think that I wouldn't want. I wouldn't want to go get food like that. So I don't do it to other people.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah I don't blame you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't play me that's being really conscious about other people. You know what I mean.
Amanda: I don't want it done to me. So why would I do it to somebody else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I think that that's pretty pretty respectful if he asked me.
Amanda: And after it takes me a long time. Like, not really. I just have to run out the door, but then I have to white cat set like to rub on me.
Amanda: I literally have to run back to the bathroom at my clothes off.
Amanda: That because the dog doesn't the dogs not allowed on the furniture. If I can get the cast, not to be on the furniture, I'd be great. But I don't know how to train them not to do that.
Amanda: Now I've tried
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But let me see your dog. How big is your dog.
Amanda: Is he coming
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, where'd you go oh no I lost her
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so we're going to stop recording until she comes back there she is. She's back
Amanda: He's here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I see here surnames, is he
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Oh, she's beautiful Peppa.
Amanda: Well, I told you that we were homeless right goes to bed, go to you, but
Amanda: I told you that we were homeless. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda: So my son left or I had a place at the time. And then I couldn't stay there anymore. And I told him to come get his dog. And he said, Oh, well, you said you were going to help me.
Amanda: I said I did when I had a place I don't have a place now COME GET HER because what you said. I said, Anthony come get your dog. SO HE DIDN'T COME GET HER. So I ended up staying with her and then I really couldn't go anywhere because it wouldn't let me have my dog so
Amanda: It was at her, give her up to the dog pound so we decided to stand apart.
Amanda: So we did that for five months, six months and I told him that he couldn't have her back.
Amanda: Okay, I'll take her. I said, now you'll take her
Amanda: Three times to get your dog because then I went to stay at my cousins, but then my dog and his dog got in a fight.
Amanda: So they asked me to leave, which I understand what they said. Get rid of it, which just send it back draft and so I tried. He didn't get her then either
Amanda: I said, You haven't paid me for food, you haven't done nothing I've asked you three different times together. And now you want to back. I still didn't kiss my ass. You're not getting her back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And got they're all these all this, these issues for that, you know, to keep the
Amanda: I could have gave her to the dog pound and he went to God or anyways.
Amanda: You just don't give away your family like that you try and do it if I couldn't do it, then I would have given her up, but
Amanda: Because I had seven cast when I left here. See, and I have one of them now.
Amanda: One of the ones I have is what I've had him for five years already.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Amanda: Somebody saved for me so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's that's really
Amanda: Nice, but he wasn't very appreciative.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda: I used to send them money to like for cat food or whatever they needed but
Amanda: He's just that kind of Senate is mom and I owe him everything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have a couple of those. Yeah, yeah.
Amanda: Oh, I don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have a couple kids like that then
Amanda: That gives you the he's an adult you he's already 24
Amanda: Yeah, every other side who he'll give you money.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Complete opposite
Amanda: Yep, nine day
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kind of amazing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How many, how many kids do you have for
Amanda: Kids, but one passed away.
Amanda: Or months.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How long ago was that
Amanda: 23 years ago.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my god.
Amanda: If she didn't die with me. She died in states Cassidy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really
Uh huh.
Amanda: I don't really happen. He didn't die with me.
Amanda: Maybe was better. My dad said that he got into Steve casspi because if she had died with me. I probably would have got charged with something
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did she die of St.
Amanda: That's what they said. But
Amanda: I didn't know she was sick today before and I saw her into gave her her shots and in less than 24 hours she died.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Amanda: So I don't, I don't really know what happened.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you ever see the autopsy.
Amanda: Yeah, they don't even say that she got her thoughts.
It says
Amanda: It just, it says a lot of separatists shared abrasions here.
Amanda: I don't think anybody ever really really explained it to me. But I seen the autopsy. But they said like
Amanda: That's a closet that she went with a blank and she rolled over into stop reading
Amanda: And I think that more than I
Amanda: Then I understand.
Amanda: puncture wounds on the side of her leg like by her ankle.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like
Amanda: Like a snake that you, I don't think it was, but like those two exact like right next to each other.
Amanda: Yeah, I saw with my own eyes when I looked at her right after
Amanda: They did the autopsy.
Amanda: You know, the water from Santa Fe. I went to a funeral place. And that's what I saw on her, but it doesn't show that in the autopsy either
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Amanda: Yeah, it took me six months to get it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my god.
Amanda: To the long time for me to get that autopsy report and I see on TV that they get it back in like three days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah, I know that.
Amanda: So long.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sometimes it takes a lot longer than other times I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, I have my
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My last grandson died of SIDS and it took us
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Probably it took us a couple months to to get as autopsy because I didn't believe either that he, you know, I wanted to make sure that it wasn't foul play or, you know, you know,
Amanda: Actually if I sent you the archives. You can tell me what it says.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda: I know, yeah.
Amanda: They all send it to you through email or maybe through Adobe you have Adobe
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I believe I do. I'm sure I didn't miss
Amanda: 100 Joby you it's on my phone, but it links to everything I have but you take a picture of it and then you could send it through Adobe so i don't i mean i have a printer in a scanner. I do but
Amanda: I could just scan them through my phone. I just take a picture of it and it send you the whole big picture. You could print it out.
Amanda: Or I could send it to you in the mail. It doesn't matter, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Whatever is easier for you. I can definitely you know, take a look at it and decipher it for you, for sure.
Amanda: And then they want to sit there and tell you they want me to go to grief counseling and tell me how she died. And I said, You want to tell me how she died. But you don't even know how should I
Amanda: Did I don't I don't understand. I said, I don't think I need to talk to you right now.
Amanda: Because how do you explain to me when they don't even know what it is.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't know.
Amanda: Making me. Let me listen to you.
Amanda: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, they don't you know they don't know what they do is they rule out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A bunch of stuff when it comes to, you know, a baby passing away like that. Like they make sure that there's you know nothing in the baby's throat, they make sure that the there's nothing in the toxicology nothing in the blood.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They make sure you know they check the body they make sure that there's nothing you know know when they can't find any cause of death. It's rule. The since
Amanda: Its rules after the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Baby just went to sleep and and passed away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know.
Amanda: It's just weird because it was, um, so it was, I guess the paternal grandparents. It was his. It was his parents and it was his mom and dad who always had the kids and the brother was living there too.
Amanda: And I'm not opposed to smoking weed. Whatever, I don't care. I don't do it. I used to do it a long time ago, but I don't do it.
Amanda: He's a grown adult the mom and dad went to watch a movie which they never go to see the movies. But this one day they did.
Amanda: So then Eric. Eric. Eric sionko you put the boys down to watch a movie left greener over there in the in the parents room and he went to Israel.
Amanda: Obviously to smoke weed and paint, but he's going to tell that. But I know what he went to do. And he came back and she wasn't breathing.
Amanda: Why would you leave her by herself.
Amanda: Period.
Amanda: Oh, you're leaving with the boys or something.
Amanda: Right. And it's that one day that
Amanda: The grandparents go out to a movie.
Amanda: It's just weird all of its weird to me.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And he sent a signal.
Amanda: Mexico because he said that they were gonna kill him. I said, Who didn't do nothing.
Amanda: But I don't know. I find out the truth. He said he used to hear things in his head that people were trying to kill him.
Amanda: uncle said that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Amanda: He's not he's not crazy. He's, he's intelligent, he went to college and, well, why would you hear things you didn't feel guilty.
Amanda: Why would stuff happens. You like that, if nothing if you didn't do nothing wrong.
Amanda: Right, so I don't know.
Amanda: Maybe a death make somebody crazy. I don't know why I don't know why would do that. If you didn't do nothing wrong. It shouldn't bother you. You were just watching the baby, you're passed away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that anybody
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That it happens on their watch, so to speak, is going to experience a huge amount of guilt.
Amanda: Over it. And I think that's what happened.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda: And it's funny that you say that because whenever I wrote the car in November.
Amanda: October. It wasn't my fault or nothing but
Amanda: Maybe I could have done something different. But as soon as I got out of the car. I turned to Chelsea and I started crying and I told her that I was sorry that I heard her because she had cut right here. And then on her arm. And I felt like that because I was the one driving
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda: She was like, it wasn't your fault, but now I know what people say. Because I have a scar right here cuz I was in a horrible accident and the kid's dad. He was like, Oh, I'm so sorry I hurt you, like you didn't mean to do it. But now I know. Maybe that's why he felt like that because
Amanda: She died, he was watching her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it can definitely bring out on a lot of a lot of guilt, you know, whether it's his
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Place kill you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right guilt. If you should be experiencing or if you shouldn't be.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, what have you had a baby. The fact of the matter is a baby was in his care.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it happened. And you know I wouldn't want that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I wouldn't want that on anybody you know
Amanda: Let me either.
Amanda: And then maybe my dad said, you know, maybe you know cuz I was drinking and stuff like that and
Amanda: I had already gotten the kids had gotten in trouble for I was intoxicated with the kids didn't click with my kids till after
Amanda: July after like a week after that. But so what if I had been drunk and she did that I would have got charged with that.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Possibly, yeah.
Amanda: I could see her making 150 million reasons, but I'll still never know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and that's really true. And so, you know, when we have situations like this, we have to just kind of live in the in the question, you know, and know that there's there's certain questions that never going to be answered. We're never going to have the right answers for him.
Amanda: Because I've always want. I always wanted a girl, but he just wasn't meant to be so.
Amanda: That I've come to that conclusion.
Amanda: It took me a long time to get there. I mean, I was really angry at first, but
Sure.
Amanda: But anyway.
Amanda: I have a 27 year old. He's in the Marines.
Amanda: And then
Amanda: Anthony has a 95 so that's 25 Asian 24
Amanda: Raina was 2322 and then angels have one data hit my dad. Yeah.
Amanda: She's 20
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, OK.
Amanda: And all of those are from the same guy only the last for
Amanda: The first one is it
Amanda: Has a different depth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Amanda: And that's what trips me out. The two boys, what do I owe him everything. The other one doesn't.
Amanda: And an angel hitting telling my dad that they're offering that they're all the same brother and
Amanda: Same parents
Amanda: They're all different
Amanda: Trips me
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Y'all have their own different personalities.
Amanda: I would never dream of doing that stuff to my dad what my daughter did to him. I've ever done that I never did. I never disrespect to my dad.
Amanda: I never got spanked as a child, either.
Amanda: Everybody says how they got spanked or dad to go good at tree branch or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda: I didn't. I never got spanked. But I didn't do stuff like that either.
Yeah.
Amanda: I didn't want to kiss my dad off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Understand, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you think about it, too. You know, back in, in those days, things were different, you know, there was a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Huge respect for the parents.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it could it could happen without the weapons.
I know
Amanda: Definitely my dad said he was scared of his dad to like
Amanda: They were boys, you know, they mean like it was just
Amanda: I guess this new age, but I can be the new age because my other kids aren't like that to my dad only she is
Amanda: My dad.
Amanda: My dad adopted my kids not her. But he adopted the other ones after my daughter died.
Amanda: The death turnovers parental rights to to go to my dad to get a medicine custody. They stayed in office 1111 months.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Amanda: To get them out of that group home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda: You know how they give you a chance to get back and
Amanda: She just the judge told me stuff and I just went off. Mine got terminated right away.
Amanda: And get I just went off. So the only the only hope. I had was for him to do it. It was taking too long. They were still
Amanda: They were coming and stuff, but it was just how they have to inspect everything. This way if we let them go. If you signed up for his rights yeah automatically with my father.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Guy. Yeah, okay.
Amanda: So that's what we kind of get it now. Can we gave up on me, just we need. We wanted to get them out of there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Amanda: It's not only after that year. They're going to still come every two years, and
Amanda: They're just being in your business all the time. Any little thing they'll take them right back.
Amanda: Yeah, so we just started be better to be not be there. And my dad was willing to take them. So he adopted him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it sounds to me like it. That was probably the best thing that could have happened at that time, for sure.
Amanda: I think so because he never stopped us losing them and they asked him, What if your daughter comes back with her kids. He goes, I'll give them back to her. The only difference between her and us she got
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It.
Amanda: Yeah, cuz he got drunk with me, too.
Amanda: It wasn't like they were drunk when I was growing up, everybody drinks because I got caught.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Amanda: I'm not saying I was okay or anything but everybody's been drinking with their kids for years.
Amanda: Yeah now funny because mine.
Amanda: And I'm not saying I did deserve it, because I, they could have a seat. And I probably wouldn't even know what to do. I don't remember. I was so drunk.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda: So I mean I deserved it. But still, how many, how many kinds of it happened before.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, right.
Amanda: So, but he said he's like if she if she can she can get it back. And I did get them back.
Amanda: We would just stay share with them. So I live in Jersey for so long.
Amanda: My mom had already died.
Amanda: She died two years after my daughter died so
Amanda: I came back to our cookie till 2017
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Amanda: Gone. I've been gone since 99
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a long time.
Amanda: There was nothing here. I was doing drugs. I was just drinking and there was nothing here for me anymore. My kids weren't here, my mom already died. My sister was here. That's all I have to be my sister.
Amanda: When she was on her own life. I had to do my life. So I went back to my kids.
Amanda: I see tears you this entire time with my kids.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good. And so now that you're back in Albuquerque. How are things now.
Amanda: It's better because there's more jobs. There's more to do with just I was already convicted felon and not that many jobs out there and we know everybody in that town know this.
Amanda: Now like I can't see. I'm not a felon or
Amanda: They know where I've been, you know, they might
Amanda: Have towns related to us.
Amanda: So there's just no jobs out there.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sure.
Amanda: I wanted to survive. I couldn't stay out there, you're
Amanda: Going to work after your
I mean, I'll go back
Amanda: To buy a house and stuff.
Amanda: Will probably buy a house out here but pay for it because the houses out there are cheaper than over here.
Amanda: Like I was paying my mortgage payment for $560 a month for three bedroom, one, two and a half acres
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Amanda: I pay $730 for a one bedroom apartment.
Amanda: Yeah, would know yard.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's crazy, isn't it.
Amanda: Yeah, I can make
Amanda: I can make that payment and one of these payments and still back to own something
Amanda: So,
Amanda: Just when it's time to go back. Or we could travel go to cruises
Amanda: Here under week go back on the weekend, whatever whenever that time comes, we'll figure that out. But I don't want to end the big city.
Amanda: I don't want to stay in the city. When I'm older. I mean, I'm already 43 but
Amanda: My wife's only 32
Amanda: It takes you guys an hour half an hour to work every day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Half an hour.
Amanda: She works 30 miles away from here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, what does she do
Amanda: She's a store manager at Subway.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh yeah, yeah, I think you told me. Oh, yeah. Everybody else got
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: laid off, but her right yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So she's got to be there. So she's there all the time.
Amanda: Yep. But now they're getting busy. They're back to a
Amanda: He referred, they would make like 110 sandwiches, a day seven $800 that was when they were slow during the winter.
Amanda: They would double that in the summer, but now she's already making for the last three days. She's make that amount.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow. Oh, I believe, it'll. A lot of people are probably
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: ordering food for pickup. Oh.
Amanda: Yeah, that's the only thing they can do. But how can we order pick up if you don't have a job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you don't have a tough time. Well, don't forget that a lot of places have been you know compensating
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pay, you know, people still we're getting a lot of people are still getting paid even though they're not working because of this because it's not their fault. People are getting it's easier to get unemployment, you know what I mean.
Amanda: And then the same thing. But I mean, still I mean if
Amanda: I was going to be in Hartford to this really hasn't affected me I'm thank God it has it because I'm not working and Chelsea has been working so in reality, this hasn't done anything to us, but other people aren't going to work and their jobs aren't able to pay them.
Amanda: So they're getting it. If the unemployment paint. The only getting half of what they were getting to begin with.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's real.
Amanda: I would say all the money I could
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I thought that with unemployment, they were also people who are also also getting like a $600 so they get their unemployment was 600 right
Amanda: Yeah, I think that's what it was saying like, because that's the way it is because they were currently working at the time he had never done that before. But yeah, I think that's what it is. It's a $600 a week plus what they would get
Amanda: So I guess it's kind of the same amount of money but
Amanda: I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mean
Amanda: I see everybody at the at the bars at the liquor stores. I'm like, how do you have money for this. If you
Amanda: Yeah, well, I'm on vacation. I don't have to work but it'd be crying, How to Make Your mortgage payment.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't want leave
Amanda: Before trips. I mean, I'm glad to Chelsea has been able to go to work in both like my aunt work for the casino. So she gets paid no matter what. But they're able to afford that.
Amanda: Right, some places aren't able to do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah, especially small businesses, for sure.
Amanda: You know, a lot of them are closing down out here and no matter what if they close or they're open to more fit them out whether
Amanda: Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so. The bills so gotta be paid.
Amanda: Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me, what are we going to work on this week.
Amanda: I really want to work on getting my computer setup.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Amanda: I want to focus on getting ready to sit in one place.
Amanda: Because the other day I was writing notes about that thing, you know. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And a
Amanda: Lot of it pertains to me and I was just happy with it since that day. But I want to be able to look through them, but I can't afford
Amanda: It right now. How to come charge my phone.
Amanda: So I want to get an extension quarter run it under the bar and put this six plug under there. I could plug other things in there. I'm not
Amanda: around all the time like
Amanda: That's what I want to do is get my computer going to my wife has to do stuff for scheduling stuff. I mean, not right now, but before she did it. We were just sitting wherever we could
Amanda: And they are like the animals are right there. And there's two barstool. It's just, it will should on the bar on the bar.
Amanda: No more so.
Amanda: It's
Amanda: Getting
Amanda: Getting that situated. If nothing else, just that part.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay. And you'll continue with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With what we were working on last week.
Amanda: Yeah, with your communication them. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that that
Amanda: Secret help yesterday or the other day, three years ago.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah, you know. You tell them ahead of time, you know that you're not meaning you know don't take offense and that you're not meaning to come off for you in order mean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right off the bat, and it helps take him off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Off the defensive right off the bat, you know, they understand that you're frustrated in that you're, you know, you're irritated in that moment and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It does help for the most part, there are people out there that it doesn't. They don't care. They're going to be, you know, the way that they are, but, you know, at least you try
Amanda: You know what I mean, I don't. You can't get to everybody. I mean,
Amanda: Yeah, and that's, I was saying with that guy I know he was new, but
Amanda: I've been you. And I've been stressed and nervous and, you know, I've been in that position, but I was already frustrated. That's right. Look at my paper.
Amanda: And now that she told me right now. She was all you need to get online order Christ for $27. I said, No, that's not what I supposed to yet. So I guess he didn't do his job right.
Amanda: Because she said, I did get the one person says, No, I did it. That's all I have to factor over or email her that one that I got 15
Amanda: Right. Maybe he didn't do his job right. I don't know, something went wrong somewhere.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Something, but you know what you when you stand up and you send her the information and show her
Amanda: You know what I mean. Yeah.
Amanda: Keep her job quit right away so
Amanda: And I've always been like that. I've always stood up for myself. It's just the part about me being rude. When I do it,
Amanda: Mean to be, but I'm frustrated and I already talked to five people and
Amanda: That's where my problem with everybody started with route all the time. But right now, I mean I can be. But that's not I'm ready to start now like
Amanda: Right, sorry that you have to be at the other end of it, but after talking to somebody. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I totally get it. No worries.
Amanda: But now that I say now that I said that I think it really it really did a
Amanda: It made a difference because if I was not. He didn't take offense to it. He didn't catch attitude where we're in a bigger mess.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you did a great job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you very much. So
Amanda: So just be you tomorrow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doing. Yeah, you're in group tomorrow.
Amanda: Only 30
Amanda: Regular time right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Okay. Yes. And then I have you set on my schedule for next week and all through me for this time. Every Thursday at four o'clock.
Amanda: Okay, I think you might want to say something to the people in the front, because I know or wherever I called up that I'm virtual clinic.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Amanda: And I know you said your time, but I wasn't sure if I was behind cuz I was trying to think about when I was on with Angelina, so
Amanda: I think we're behind so I called up there at 335 or whatever. Whenever I emailed you and he said no, your appointment is that, for I said, could you just tell me if I'm behind you guys are in for you guys. He said, Why, and I said, Because Rebecca, said that it's four o'clock, our time.
Amanda: He doesn't know your appointment is four o'clock Mountain Standard Time. I said, Oh, my God.
Amanda: So I
Amanda: I agree with him and I just called back to email you didn't answer me and then I call back at four o'clock.
Amanda: You're going to do you ever number. And I said, well, When's my appointment. I go, what time is it over there was three o'clock. Oh yeah, you don't come from. I said, I tried telling you that earlier.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I gotta
Amanda: I gotta call back again. And he said, Oh, no, just go to her.
Amanda: Because I had already called on the phone.
Amanda: Yes. Did you talk to your assistant saying it was at four o'clock when I knew it wasn't all I was calling up the floor to see the time difference between gave me that answer.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sorry. Okay, Jamie.
Amanda: Was our behind or forward.
Amanda: But he wouldn't tell me. So I call that four o'clock, like you said, they figured out he was wrong, but I wasn't an hour ago just going to call and do it.
Amanda: Maybe you want to put
Amanda: TSP your empty or whatever because
Amanda: They're not getting it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's on there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Amanda: Yeah, we did. I
Amanda: Don't know what his problem was and I don't know.
Amanda: I want to know what the time difference. I knew that he was your time. I knew that they didn't know if I was forward or backwards and he wouldn't answer me. Don't tell me, James.
Amanda: I'm so sorry. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, totally. Definitely. So it's it's it's six o'clock. Your time right now.
Amanda: Yeah, so
Amanda: I knew it was at five, I had a feeling, but
Amanda: I didn't want to be late, so called early that's why
Amanda: That's why I emailed you that just to make sure, because I hadn't really got into a deadline.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Email me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, you can email me too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, so you have my email. You know what it is. And I check my email all throughout the day. When I'm through with a group or. When I'm through with the session. I'll go in and I'll check it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Out. Oh gosh, you see. Okay, so if anything comes up, then you can email me, too. All right.
Amanda: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I will see you
Amanda: Tomorrow, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, Amanda. I'll talk to you later. Bye.
LG Stylo 5: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello, how are ya.
LG Stylo 5: Good, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. Sorry about the weight.
LG Stylo 5: Right, I, I, I got everything mixed up, I guess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's tough. Whenever we're like, you're an hour ahead of me.
LG Stylo 5: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, so when when you and I met last week and I said, meet me at six o'clock.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't remember if I said six o'clock Pacific Standard Time or or not. So I'm definitely going to take
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know the blame for it because you are here, which would have been six o'clock. Your time right
LG Stylo 5: No, that's okay. That's all right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Apologize. How are you How Was Your Week.
Good.
LG Stylo 5: Good trying to stay busy. I worked yesterday and today they work a few days out of the week.
LG Stylo 5: So that's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you been doing the rest of the week.
LG Stylo 5: Nothing home with my wife and my grandkids and the kids.
LG Stylo 5: Trying to stay at home as much as possible.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Are you struggling with that.
LG Stylo 5: No, no, no. I was locked up for a long time and it doesn't bother me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely it's different, though, right, definitely.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any issues. Have you had any issues this week. Any triggers or any cravings anything popping up for you this week.
LG Stylo 5: No, no good, Rebecca. Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everything's been good.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, I think about an odd. I think about it all the time. But, you know, that'll mess up my life. It
LG Stylo 5: took a long time to figure it out. Yeah, I mean,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
LG Stylo 5: But i'm i'm good all stay away. That's a box and helps me. I mean, I
LG Stylo 5: Wasn't for that. I don't know what else do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, so it's a good thing that you're engaging in the map program. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we've just got to figure out ways that you can combat those thoughts when they start coming. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean, you obviously you know that you play the tape forward. Nothing goods gonna come of it, but I think that what we kind of need to focus on a little bit is when
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Life gets crazy and stressful and it's in the forefront. You know what I mean.
LG Stylo 5: Right, yeah. I started stressing out and
LG Stylo 5: Sometimes like stressed and
LG Stylo 5: That's when I started thinking about it and that, but that's the easy way out. Yeah, I mean I did, I did it all my life and I ended up where I ended up and it took me a long time to figure that one out.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that
LG Stylo 5: I did, I did 20 years and I came back out and I was back in prison. Six months later. Well, in the deal. They gave me another 15 years
LG Stylo 5: That one I guess, well I got high, the whole time on that one, too. And that's where I found some boxing in there and that's when I started using that
LG Stylo 5: That helped me. I mean,
Yeah.
LG Stylo 5: You know, I grew up around my father, everybody. My uncle's were heroin addicts or it was kind of crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it had to been definitely and you just got to know that you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's something that has been in your life for a very long time but you know you have a you know you have a whole life to live. Do you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have given enough of your life to the system. And it's time that you get to, you know what I mean, it's time to get to start living really
LG Stylo 5: Right. No. Well, no, August 12 I have four years old, so it's nice out here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is where you should be.
LG Stylo 5: You should
LG Stylo 5: Be in there for more
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, oh yeah, definitely. And so we've got to work on how we're going to combat those thoughts that come in your head, because we want to be able to combat them when you have them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
LG Stylo 5: With that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I said we want to be able to combat those thoughts when you have them when they come in your head. We want to be able to combat them get rid of them. We want to be able to slap them away and tell them there's no place in your brain for them. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because right now. I mean, there really isn't Joe, you've got a you know you've got a wife, you've got grandchildren, you've got a family that needs you up front and President
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, right. That's what life is about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not about the rest of the dumb shit they went with us and it's over.
LG Stylo 5: Right, it's all about me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's right. Most important thing. And so when you have those thoughts when you're stressed, the first thing that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That I want you to pay attention to is your stress. First off, you need to pay attention to when those thoughts come, obviously we know they come when you're stressed out. Right.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you want to continue to play the tape forward.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, you know, with and this is hypothetical because I'm not in your brain. So I can't tell you the types of thoughts that you have, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I sure would like to, you know, these are kind of kind of what my scenario goes to, like,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is too hard, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I, it would be nice if I could you know indulge a little bit or if I could use a little bit. I would be relaxed, I would feel better, you know, make these things easier.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But got to add that, but to the end of end of it when it's when your thought is done run through right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right at the end of it, add the bug.
LG Stylo 5: Right. Yeah. Because like me, you know, once I started out and stop, I'm a pig. So it just takes that one time and i know that i mean that's what happened last time in
LG Stylo 5: The streets of bread would go, you know, I mean, it's either get
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, they're in there too, you know. I mean, a very where
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it is. And if you, if you, you get in your mind that it is part of your, your historic past
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's part of your history.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It doesn't have to be part of your future.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doesn't have to be part of who you are now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when you think about you think about addiction. Think about it actually being that voice inside your head because it lives in your head right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right diction lives in our head.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's a voice and so you identify that voice so you know when it's when it's trying to play that little manipulative sneaky bullcrap and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, give you those thoughts, because that's what happens when we're stressed out when when even when we're happy. You know what I mean. It can try to weasel its way back in, even when we're happy and any thoughts that take you back to using just one time is too many thoughts.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so we've got to get to this point where you identify when your addiction is talking to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you can, once you identify that that voice inside your head then you then you'll know you'll know the manipulative tactics that it uses to try to bring you back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, you know, because you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One thing that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you never forget is that it has one job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And its job is to take you out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Its job is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. I mean, that's the bottom line.
LG Stylo 5: Know exactly to destroy everything that's what it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Totally. And so, you know, you've got to make sure that you combat those thoughts with but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm not going to allow you to take control of my life, not going to allow you to take control of you know what I've gained here in my family, you know, and the love that they have for me. I'm valued and I need to be here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. Um, boredom is is also really kind of a slippery slope. So I hope that you're trying to stay busy on your days off.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, I work on the yard. I worked out in LA Mina always be busy. I can't stop and I mean I always have to be moving so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. That's important because I don't mind you know is, is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where is what they say.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't hands is Devil's playground. I don't mind is the addictions playground.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You get bored you know you those thoughts are coming. You've got to get up and start moving and do those healthy things that you've started doing right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, you know, definitely. And so you want to really pay attention to those thoughts when they come in your head, Joe. Okay.
LG Stylo 5: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Identify that voice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, it sounds funny, you know, some people laugh at me when I tell them this, but I, I actually have my voice identified. I have a face to the voice right and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have a name for him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when I know that he's trying to work hard in my head.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know exactly what it is and I'm able to fight him and I'm able to combat them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you think about it in that in that manner. All right, and just don't forget you can never forget that it has one job in we're using one time is too many, you know that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Word right
LG Stylo 5: But exactly
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you think about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you're stressed, you have thoughts. What other times, do you have the have thoughts.
LG Stylo 5: Well, sometimes just popped into my head, I get up first thing in the morning and I think about it. Yeah, I mean, I did it all my life so
LG Stylo 5: Yeah and you know all them years I was over there it I got high just to get out of there. You mean oh yeah well you could understand that, but it does take you out just like out here. Yeah, I mean, you take the easy way out. It gets you off for the day, I guess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
LG Stylo 5: They're bad or I guess your high
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, but you know i i got tired of it. I mean, I finally figured
LG Stylo 5: It just ruins everything and
LG Stylo 5: You know, I ain't the only one you know I'm the one using it hurts everybody else around me to your me my family and you know before I was, I guess selfies heading. I didn't really care. It didn't matter. I mean,
LG Stylo 5: That was there. I thought I was never going to get out before I went, you know, I mean I got hired. I guess that way. I didn't have to worry about things and I don't know.
LG Stylo 5: It's hard to explain, I guess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I get it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again, you know, it's, it's something that has been a part of your life for a long time, but it is no longer a part of your life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that is, you know, really, that when you have those thoughts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is what you've got to bring to the table. That's what you've got to bring to that voice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're part of my past, you're not part of my now and you're not part of my future.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, and really kind of have the the attitude that it has robbed. You've already from so much. You know what I mean, and just really when you have those thoughts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell it you know you. Tell that voice. You're not allowing it to take any more from you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're going to, you're going to meetings. Right.
LG Stylo 5: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, you go to meetings.
LG Stylo 5: With you. That's the only meetings. I've been going with I used to, I mean I but the good thing I didn't like about that other program and I told my people.
LG Stylo 5: Is because I it was a health care for the homeless here in Albuquerque. And that's where she got me in the program.
LG Stylo 5: But, uh, the only thing that I like is I used to run into a lot of people from prison in there that I knew. I mean, and, uh,
LG Stylo 5: And like now I got that. And it's better like this for me because I want to stay away from all that you may run into people that I was there for, for years, and they're all mixed up on on
LG Stylo 5: On heroin and they're still getting some Bach there they're either on the metadata or because I've tried method on to it didn't work for me because you could still, I mean,
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, the Suboxone that that's what works for me because I used to run into all the time there. I didn't like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I'm not talking to in person, you can actually go to meetings online.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right and the meetings online are like 200 strong. So each meeting that you go into is big. So you can just listen. You don't have to participate if you don't want to, but just being present, just being present and listening to what's going on in the meetings feels your head with recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, what I had full of recovery is a bad place for addiction to be so it quiets down, it stops those thoughts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. So even if you were if you started engaging in meetings online to where you're not seeing those people that you used to use with you're not seeing all those people, but you're hearing what's going on in the meeting online just like you're doing with me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. Okay. Is that your wife.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, she's, she's right here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know I can see her in the mirror behind you.
LG Stylo 5: Okay.
LG Stylo 5: I'm laying on our bed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I Joanna. Nice to meet you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi.
LG Stylo 5: Good. Oh yeah, I mean we have to take care of something, but
LG Stylo 5: I don't know. I GOT THE TIME WRONG. I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay.
LG Stylo 5: I didn't wanna I didn't want to miss a meeting with you because I had a meeting with with Chris last night to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Dr. Coleman
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's a pretty fantastic. Doctor, I think.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, he's cool. I like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, he's definitely cool
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I'm going to encourage you to go to engage yourself in online meetings, not in person meetings but online.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. And even if you just go in and getting and listen, you can turn your video off. Nobody has to know that you're there, but you keep your volume on so that you can hear what's going on.
Right.
LG Stylo 5: I'd like to try that Rebecca
LG Stylo 5: Here, what's going on here. I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
LG Stylo 5: You know I've done it all I've done every drug, there is. Yeah, I mean,
LG Stylo 5: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, the first step is to is to sign on, and to and to listen. If you don't feel comfortable with engaging, then don't the first or second time get familiar with it, get comfortable with it and then
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, in a few weeks. When you get more comfortable with going. Then I'm going to ask you to start participating
LG Stylo 5: Okay, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, but just start the process to get comfortable with doing it online.
LG Stylo 5: And when you go into the meeting there that there's that many people there. The people see you. Everybody will see you or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you have your video on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right then, yeah, you'll be able to see, but you're talking about people from all over the world, you're talking about people from all over
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's, you can either engage in meetings in your small community, which I'm sure they're online to or you can go to a bigger meeting where it's all over the world.
LG Stylo 5: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would suggest the bigger one myself where you're getting you know other people from different countries from different states, you know that you can listen to and communicate with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And make, you know, to me, and make connections with
LG Stylo 5: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then you can build a support system via online virtually. You know what I mean. And when you have those thoughts, Joe, and you can't get them to shut off in your head. Get your butt into a meeting. There's one every hour 24 hours a day online.
LG Stylo 5: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. And it's kind of, it's kind of amazing because it's like a layer of protection.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you don't have to go to face to face meeting, you don't have to worry about seeing those people that you know you know are trying to cheat the system or that are still using or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, you're doing it, just like you are with me right now in the privacy of your own home, you're protected. You know what I mean, you're behind the screen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you get to choose whether or not you want to engage with some people or you don't want to engage with some people. That's the great part about virtual a virtual na meetings.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is that you get, you have those choices when you're face to face. You don't so much have those choices there in the room with you.
LG Stylo 5: Right, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But in this format. You do have that choice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's what your homework is for this week.
LG Stylo 5: Okay, that'll work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. That makes sense.
LG Stylo 5: Yeah, I'm sure he knows how to G. I'm like I told you I burn a very small homes. It's been a while. But I still I'm not used to all. I mean, yeah, but yeah. She'll. She'll find it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much.
LG Stylo 5: She's always on the phone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. Tell her you know her help is greatly appreciated. To get you connected. You know, so that you continually have recovery going through your head.
LG Stylo 5: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that will help with those thoughts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
LG Stylo 5: That'll work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so where are you and your wife headed to. Can I ask
LG Stylo 5: We're going to dinner.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good, good. I hope you guys have a fantastic dinner.
LG Stylo 5: All right. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Appreciate it. All right, I'm gonna let you go. I'm you let you out early.
LG Stylo 5: Excuse me, Rebecca and. When's my next meeting is that every week or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep, it's every week at this time at six o'clock. My time seven o'clock, your time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay.
LG Stylo 5: Or every
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Every Thursday. Thursday. Yes.
LG Stylo 5: Okay, that'll work. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. So you guys have a great dinner. Joe and I will see you next week.
LG Stylo 5: Okay. I'll see you next week. You be careful. Be say
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay you to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell your wife. Hello. Bye bye.
LG Stylo 5: Hello, Joanna. Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, thank you.
LG Stylo 5: Okay, thank you.
LG Stylo 5: Next week, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bye bye, Joe.